OK
It's too late for Mr. Jia to draw a line with Lin Fan now
Mr. Yu
We are about to go to Xu's house to thank you
I didn't expect you to come so early
Yeah, it's all a misunderstanding
Misunderstanding, misunderstanding.
He bit off my ear.
It's a damn misunderstanding
The Qiao family is indeed a century-old disease
He bit off my brother's ear.
You told me it was a misunderstanding.
Good idea.
Today, I will misunderstand all of your Qiao family
Come
Call me Xu Yaoyu
I, Lin Fan, do things alone and do things alone
Don't make things difficult for my family
Who is your family?
Lin Fan, stop talking nonsense
Mom and Dad
you
Master Xu, we have kicked Lin Fan out of the house
From now on, he is him
Our Qiao family is the Qiao family
Yes, Master Xu
Are you today?
Take Lin Fan away, even if he is torn apart
That has nothing to do with our Qiao family
Enough, Lin Fan went after the Qiao family and worked hard
What's more, he offended the Xu family because of me
Is it too much to cross the river and demolish the bridge?
Qinghe shut up
You shut up
old man
I'm going to decide Lin Fan's life today
But leave the Qiao family alone
It's not impossible
Good.
Thank you for raising your hand, Master Xu
Hahaha stop
stop
There is no such thing as a free lunch.
You want me to let the Qiao family go?
The condition is
Let Qinghe enter my Xu family
Be my personal slave